# Python-DSBSC
# DSBSC-using-python

## Aim
To implement and analyze DSBSC modulation using Python's NumPy and Matplotlib libraries. 

## Apparatus Required

1.	Software: Python with NumPy and Matplotlib libraries
2.	Hardware: Personal Computer
  
## Theory

DSBSC is an amplitude modulation technique where the carrier is suppressed, and only the two sidebands containing the information are transmitted. It is generated by multiplying the message signal with the carrier signal, making it power-efficient compared to standard AM.

The general form of the DSBSC signal is:

ğ‘ (ğ‘¡)=m(ğ‘¡).cos(2ğœ‹*ğ‘“ğ‘*ğ‘¡)

## Algorithm


1.	Initialize Parameters: Set the values for carrier frequency, message frequency, sampling frequency, and frequency deviation.
2.	Generate Time Axis: Create a time vector for the signal duration.
3.	Generate Message Signal: Define the message signal as a cosine wave.
4.	Compute the Integral of the Message Signal: Calculate the integral of the message signal over time.
5.	Generate FM Signal: Apply the FM modulation formula to obtain the modulated signal.
6.	Plot the Signals: Use Matplotlib to plot the message signal, carrier signal, and modulated signal.

## Program
```
import numpy as np
  import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
  Am=4.3
  fm=466
  fs=46600
  Ac=8.6
  fc=4660
  t=np.arange(0,2/fm,1/fs)
  m=Am*np.cos(2*np.pi*fm*t)
  plt.subplot(3,1,1)
  plt.plot(t,m)
  c=Ac*np.cos(2*np.pi*fc*t)
  plt.subplot(3,1,2)
  plt.plot(t,c)
  s1=(Ac+m)*np.cos(2*np.pi*fc*t)
  s2=(Ac-m)*np.cos(2*np.pi*fc*t)
  s=s1-s2
  plt.subplot(3,1,3)
  plt.plot(t,s)
  plt.tight_layout()
  plt.show()
```
## Output Waveform


## Tabular Column


## Result
Thus the DSB-SC-AM Modulation and Demodulation using Python code is generated.  
